Move content to Contributing guide and replace/fix images (#2093)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/artifacts.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/project-level-artifact-updated.png" title="Configuring Artifacts"/>

If you don't see your job listed, you might need to edit the job and select **Run source freshness** and **Generate docs on run**.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/edit-job-generate-artifacts.png" title="Editing the job to generate artifacts"/>

When you add a production job to a project, dbt Cloud updates the content and provides links to the production documentation and source freshness artifacts it generated for that project. You can see these links by clicking **Deploy** in the upper left, selecting **Jobs**, and then selecting the production job. From the job page, you can select a specific run to see how artifacts were updated for that run only.

### Documentation

When set up, dbt Cloud updates the **Documentation** link in the upper left so it links to documentation for this job. This link always points to the latest version of the documentation for your account!

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/doc-menu.png" title="A link to the latest documentation for the selected job"/>

### Source Freshness

> As with Documentation, configuring a job for the Source Freshness artifact setting also updates the Data Sources link under **Deploy** to point to the latest Source Freshness report for the selected job.

Author: ```suggestion
As with Documentation, configuring a job for the Source Freshness artifact setting also updates the Data Sources link under **Deploy**. The new link points to the latest Source Freshness report for the selected job.
```
